1.Traits Definition

Trait Carr:

trait Carr:

Declares a trait named Carr. Traits in PHP are similar to classes, but they are intended to be used as a means of code reuse rather than as standalone entities.
Static Properties:

public static $carname: A static property representing the name of the car, set to 'RANG ROVER VELAR'.
public static $price: A static property representing the price of the car, set to '8700000'.
Static Method (car()):

public static function car(): A static method that returns a string describing the car’s name and price. It uses self::$carname and self::$price to access the static properties defined in the trait.

2.Trait Colorr:

trait Colorr:

Declares another trait named Colorr.

Static Property:

public static $color: A static property representing the color, set to 'blue'.

Static Method (color()):

public static function color(): A static method that returns a string indicating the color choice. It uses self::$color to access the static property defined in the trait.

3.Class Implementation


class Carinfo:

use Colorr, Carr;:
This statement incorporates the methods and properties from both the Colorr and Carr traits into the Carinfo class. Traits can be used to include multiple sources of functionality into a class.

4.Static Method Calls

echo Carinfo::car();:

Calls the static method car() from the Carr trait, now part of the Carinfo class. This outputs:

echo Carinfo::color();:

Calls the static method color() from the Colorr trait, also part of the Carinfo class. This outputs:


4.Summary

Traits:

Traits are used to group functionality in a reusable way. They allow you to include methods and properties into a class without requiring inheritance.
Traits are particularly useful for code reuse in multiple classes that share common methods or properties.
Static Properties and Methods:

Both Carr and Colorr traits define static properties and methods. These can be accessed directly using the class name (Carinfo::car() and Carinfo::color()).
Class (Carinfo):

The Carinfo class uses both traits (Colorr and Carr). It inherits the static methods and properties from these traits, which can then be accessed statically.